Bug-1657575 webRequest.handlerBehaviorChanged implementation release note (#38744)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/138/index.md

- The {{WebExtAPIRef("contextualIdentities")}} API is no longer defined in Firefox for Android. Previously, it was defined but defective. ([Firefox bug 1659500](https://bugzil.la/1659500))
- The `contextualIdentities` permission is now not recognized on Firefox for Android. Previously, it enabled a broken version of the "containers" feature. ([Firefox bug 1659500](https://bugzil.la/1659500))
- The new Manifest V3 version of the {{WebExtAPIRef("userScripts")}} API is now available on Firefox for Android. ([Firefox bug 1949955](https://bugzil.la/1949955))

> - Adds the {{WebExtAPIRef("webRequest.handlerBehaviorChanged")}} API. ([Firefox bug 1657575](https://bugzil.la/1657575))

Reviewer: We should acknowledge that the method was already exposed but that it did not behave as expected. My suggested wording may not be the best.

```suggestion
- Implements the {{WebExtAPIRef("webRequest.handlerBehaviorChanged")}} API. In previous versions this method was exposed but did nothing. ([Firefox bug 1657575](https://bugzil.la/1657575))
```
